>> Kent C Dodds: With
the covering all of the files,
we need some way to tell karma
to load all of the files, and
then tell Webpack to instrument those for
coverage as well.
So, this actually is a little bit more
on the boilerplate side to, yeah,
I'm just going to give you
a couple of globs that's you.
Yeah, okay, so,
let me just ask really quick.
So, this is why, or having this
fileGlob in our files array right here,
is what's instructing karma
to load our test files.
But we want to also instrument our
source files, so could anybody tell me
how I instruct karma to load source files,
as well as my test files?
You can talk, it's okay.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: To get your source files.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, I have [INAUDIBLE]
source files and
but we want to treat those a little bit
differently from our test files, right?
We don't want to have those,
instrumental for coverage,
we also don't,
I don't want to load our test files twice.
And so, we're going to have a glob
that matches just our source files.
And this glob took me probably too long to
to write, but I finally got it correct.
So, I'm going to copy it.
This is the wrong one.
Just going to copy it from here,
our source glob.
>> Kent C Dodds: So
yeah, fun afternoon from yours truly.
So, and I'm gonna rename this one,
just to make it a little bit
more explicit what it is.
And for both of these, I want them
both loaded into the browser, but
I also want them both
pre-processed by Webpack.
Because, well, oops.
First of all,
some of them are like requiring CSS.
And so, karma's gonna be like,
what the heck is that?
And the fact that it's requiring anything,
karma's gonna have a hard time with.
So, both of them need to be
included into the browser, and
both of them need to be pre-processed.
But by doing things this way, we're
only loading our test files once, and
we're only instrumenting our source files.
And that instrumentation is
happening because this ignore here.
Does that make sense for everybody?
Okay, sweet.
So, if we run our mpm t here,
let me open up the chat,
if anybody online has questions,
then we'll open up our coverage again.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
now, in our source, we see something
that's a lot more helpful and interesting.
We see that our app file
actually is pretty well covered.
And that's because we're
getting kind of a side effect
by doing things the way that we are.
If you recall in our Bootstrap function,
as soon as this function loads, it's
starting to do a bunch of side effects.
And that's generally not a great idea for
your modules,
most of the time, your model should
not do anything at the root level.
This makes them harder to test, and there,
it's a side effect of just requiring or
importing that module.
You don't want to have those side effects.
What you do instead is you bundle up
all that logic into a function, and
you export that.
And then it's a lot easier to test that.
But for Bootstrap,
that's a little bit of an exception,
because we want to actually do something
when the user loads the browser, right?
We need something to
kick off the whole thing.
And so, we start out with the Bootstrap
that ultimately is calling
this Bootstrap function,
which is calling up on load.
And that actually kind of explains why
our up JS file has pretty good coverage,
because this is being run.
I'm not entirely sure why these two lines
aren't getting covered, my guess is they,
there's an error,
it's probably thrown right here.
Somewhere down the tree that it's
blowing everything up, and so,
the execution doesn't continue.
That's likely what's happening.
And so, because we don't want to have
these side effects, and we want to,
like Bootstrap, we don't really care
as much about the logic in this file.
We can exclude it with karma.
But I'm gonna skip over that bit,
because I think that you kind of get
the idea of what what we're trying to do.
Yeah, there's one other thing
that I'm just going to show you,
and we'll move on, and that is,
once you start tracking code coverage,
you want to make sure that it doesn't
drop below a certain threshold.
And so,
we're getting fairly good coverage.
And so, we don't want our coverage
to drop below the threshold.
We want people to continue to
contribute tests to our project.
And so, the coverageReporter allows
you to specify a check object
that you can set for
global coverage for your whole project.
I want statements to not get below 11,
and branches to not go below zero, and
functions, zero.
And lines 11, of course, functions and
branches would never go below zero,
that's impossible.
So yeah, but from here on now,
if somebody gets,
actually, let me just show you
an example of what it would look like,
in a scenario where somebody adds
more code and doesn't add any tests.
But I'm going to fabricate that scenario
by reducing or increasing our threshold,
so, if I say 31, and
then we run an PMT,
then we actually get it.
Error, the script will fail, and so,
you can put this is part of your validate
scripture, or whatever you're
using to do your building, and
you can make sure that people don't submit
poor requests that will reduce coverage.
So, and that, yeah.
That is that.
Any questions?
Okay, sweet.
So, and I'm waiting for
questions online too.
The next thing that we're going
to totally skip over pretty much
100% is migrating from require
statements to ES6 modules.
If you want to learn about ES6 modules,
there are still tickets for
sale at Midwest JS, and
I'm gonna be giving a talk called more
than you want to know about ES6 modules.
So you'll, yeah, it will be fun, and
you can learn all that you
would have learned doing this.
And you work yourself, so we'll skip
past that and jump into tree shaking.
And now we're only a half
hour behind schedule, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: One came in there about
how do you ignore bender JS files?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
it would be the same thing.
So you would just add that to, actually,
I should, I didn't actually show you
what that looks like that exclusion.
So, you have this exclude in here, and so,
you could have it exclude
anything in node modules.
And yep, take care of that.
So, Emmanuel is asking,
would file glob equals,
well, Emanuel is asking
if this would work?
That would not work because
it also matches tests.
So, you don't want to load your
test twice in the browser,
then you're gonna have twice
as many times running.
So that would not be a good thing.
So, but
you do want to have separate globs for
each of them, so that,
for some reason now,
I can't even remember why it's
important to have separate globs.
Okay, yeah, so, Oscar is asking
where I am teaching ES6 modules?
Here in town at Midwest JS,
if you can't make it then, I actually,
you can go to talks.kentcdodds.com,
which will take you to my repo.
And if you are diligent, you can see
the meetup talk that I actually did.
There is a recording available.
And so,
if you wanna see a recording of it.